Sliding windows operate nearly identically to
hopping windows with one important difference.
Sliding windows don't have an increment period.
They simply increase on a very fast basis,
typically a basis measured in seconds.
So let's see what this looks like.
As you can see, the window simply slides along,
and as time progresses so too does our window.
In practice, this means that a sliding window always contains
the most up-to-date representation of a defined time period possible.
Sliding windows are overlapping and typically gapless.
Again, because the window is sliding,
there is no opportunity for there to be a gap between windows.